love sharing around mr. Putin passing
around like a game of rugby that's not
the first time it has happened where
Dhoni is cleaned up classic yeah first
we get four three shunt and then I would
go get it straight December's keeping a
little low and fortunate the batsman is
trying to play all around it plum in
front load outs in the umpires mind then
are piecing all important together Chris
Gayle the man in the best form of life
right through the stone and shuffling
across hitting along the knee roll from
in front at the point the commentary is
live so you do see the support often
bent mr. Pegg and that going in the
fable of the bowler hat is now the wave
his magic stamping a Bravo was a big
turning point in this match
great stomping don't pick the street a
bunt and remove the beers in quick time
then for the third umpire
the red light came on must have light
that happiness of all Indians Dakota
Senate bill roof innovation allegedly
holding out the head of the dog see I
just got sucked back down with me he
just couldn't get himself out of a rut
you just felt a vagina on is that catch
had the deflection of Barney's gloves
and it was really a very very good catch
little job at at fish slipped
interesting the outside of Donnie's dog
hangs out I mean it's all over Collymore
out the north and the end of the match
by the wise it on the sidelines as well
as the men in the middle and what a hit
late stamp quite comfortably
60 to allow the protein powder you want
to go well this should be fairly
comfortable West Indies and when they
were 44 without loss you felt the baby
better get on back in the Ames Bell 16
to 6